200 meters of men of the second time half up
maybe not everything is possible Sebastian Ernst five hundredths
Seconds are missing this year for the German record on the outside line
Prenzlauer is there he comes on the last stage
more clearly in the lead Sebastian Ernst
wait
already words for what happened today
that's what it is for
have seven players
clearer last but if the deal that better
how bitter is it now because Obama situation should be drawn
Pipa SUT
would do
again
although neither and no role
if you can break in
how much electricity is traded and our column for the outdoor season report
about the immediate
and that still lasts
So never enjoy this German record like this with her
Ladies and gentlemen Sebastian Ernst
with an incredible who's here